Add GPU acceleration documentation (#2384)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/model-serving-framework.md

---
layout: default
title: Model-serving framework 
has_children: true
nav_order: 110
---

# Model-serving framework

> The model-serving framework is an experimental feature. For updates on the progress of the Neural Search plugin, or if you want to leave feedback that could help improve the feature, join the discussion in the [Model-serving framework forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/t/feedback-machine-learning-model-serving-framework-experimental-release/11439).    

Reviewer: Not for this line. As I can't comment on line 26, `### Model format`, so just add comment here.

From 2.5, we can support ONNX model too. Refer to https://onnx.ai/

Author: Going to address this in a separate PR.

### Model size

> Most deep learning models are over 100 MB, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to be stored in a model index. When allocating machine learning (ML) or data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, make sure you correctly size your ML nodes so that you have enough memory when making ML inferences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most deep learning models are more than 100 MB, making it difficult to fit them into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to be stored in a model index. When allocating machine learning (ML) or data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, make sure you correctly size your ML nodes so that you have enough memory when making ML inferences.
```

> Most deep learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to be stored in a model index. When allocating machine learning (ML) or data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, make sure you correctly size your ML nodes so that you have enough memory when making ML inferences.

Reviewer 3: 100MB - no "s" at the end

## GPU acceleration

> To achieve better performance within the model-serving framework, you can take advantage of GPU acceleration on your ML node. For more information, see [GPU acceleration]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/gpu-acceleration/).

Reviewer 3: Model-serving is capitalized on line 10. Should they both be capitalized or both be lowercase?

> Most deep learning models are over 100 MBs, making it difficult to fit the model into a single document. OpenSearch splits the model file into smaller chunks to be stored in a model index. When allocating machine learning (ML) or data nodes for your OpenSearch cluster, be aware of the size of your model to prevent any downtime when making inferences. 

Reviewer 4: The last sentence has some grammatical errors. People make inferences but systems perform ML inference. "Ensure that your ML Nodes are properly sized and have enough memory to serve your models for ML inference."
